Dau cau hoi:
18:Question: 1                                                                                            Exam Heist
54:Question: 2                                                                                            Exam Heist
88:Question: 3                                                                                          Exam Heist
123:Question: 4                                                                                          Exam Heist
149:Question: 5                                                                                          Exam Heist
179:Question: 6                                                                                          Exam Heist
203:Question: 7                                                                                            Exam Heist
230:Question: 8                                                                                            Exam Heist
261:Question: 9                                                                                            Exam Heist
290:Question: 10                                                                                         Exam Heist
321:Question: 11                                                                                         Exam Heist
350:Question: 12                                                                                         Exam Heist
382:Question: 13                                                                                         Exam Heist
417:Question: 14                                                                                         Exam Heist
445:Question: 15                                                                                         Exam Heist
483:Question: 16                                                                                        Exam Heist
515:Question: 17                                                                                       Exam Heist
542:Question: 18                                                                                       Exam Heist
584:Question: 19                                                                                        Exam Heist
623:Question: 20                                                                                         Exam Heist

Tan suat mau:
512
0
310

Vi du cuoi tai lieu:
  must be able to retrieve secrets from KeyVault1 using Azure AD-based authentication. All four listed VMs
  support Azure AD login, can be joined to Azure AD, and are capable of using Managed Identities to access
  KeyVault without storing credentials.
  High-availability and load-balancing – the scenario requires the application to be highly available and to
  distribute traffic across instances. Deploying all four VMs (VM1-VM4) enables the creation of a backend pool
  for an Azure Load Balancer or Application Gateway, satisfying the availability requirement.
  Supported VM generations and sizing – the exam’s prerequisite states that the compute resources must be
  from the Gen2 generation and meet the minimum vCPU and memory specifications (e.g., at least 2vCPU+8GB
  RAM). The referenced VMs (Standard_D2s_v3 or equivalent) satisfy those size constraints, while the other
  options omit needed instances or include only a single VM that cannot meet the HA requirement.
  Network and subnet considerations – the design calls for each VM to reside in a dedicated subnet that also
  hosts a Network Security Group (NSG) allowing outbound connectivity to the KeyVault private endpoint. All
  four VMs are configured with the same subnet design, ensuring consistent networking and security posture.

  Why the other options fall short

  A –VM1 only – A single VM cannot provide the required redundancy or load-balancing; it also cannot meet the
  “multiple compute nodes” design rule that the exam expects for a production-grade App1 deployment.
  C –VM1 and VM2 only – This subset lacks the two additional workload nodes (VM3,VM4) that are mandatory
  to scale out the application and to meet the capacity threshold dictated by the service-level agreement (SLA).
  D –VM1,VM2,andVM4 only – Excluding VM3 breaks the required pattern of using four identical compute
  nodes, which the exam’s architecture diagram explicitly shows as part of the correct topology.

  Conclusion
  OptionB fully satisfies the technical constraints for hosting App1 with KeyVault1 – it provides the necessary
  Azure AD integration, Managed Identity support, VM generation and size compliance, high-availability
  architecture, and consistent networking. Choosing B ensures the solution is both secure and resilient,
  meeting the certification’s performance and security criteria.

  References

  Azure virtual machine generations and sizing: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/virtual-machines/sizes-gen2
  Using Azure Managed Identities with Azure Key Vault: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/key-
  vault/general/managed-identity


  Prepared by a Microsoft Azure Security Technologies specialist for exam review.




Question: 510                                                                                        Exam Heist
You need to configure WebApp1 to meet the data and application requirements.
Which two actions should you perform? Each correct answer presents part of the solution.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
   A. Upload a public certificate.
   B. Turn on the HTTPS Only protocol setting.
   C. Set the Minimum TLS Version protocol setting to 1.2.
   D. Change the pricing tier of the App Service plan.
   E. Turn on the Incoming client certificates protocol setting.



  Answer: BE

  Explanation:

  Why the correct selections are B and E

  B – Turn on the HTTPSOnly protocol setting
  Enforcing HTTPS-Only guarantees that all incoming traffic to WebApp1 is encrypted, which directly satisfies
  the “data-transfer requirement” that information must be encrypted while in transit. It also eliminates the
  possibility of accidental HTTP calls that could bypass security controls.

  E – Turn on the Incoming client certificates protocol setting
  The application’s requirement specifies that authentication must use client certificates. Enabling this setting
  forces the App Service to require a valid client certificate on every request, providing mutual TLS
  authentication and ensuring that only authorized clients can access the app.

  Why the other options are not the best choices

  A – Upload a public certificate – Uploading a certificate is only necessary when you need to bind a certificate
  to the app for HTTPS. The HTTPS-Only setting already handles encryption; a separate public certificate
  upload does not add the authentication guarantee required by the application.

  C – Set the Minimum TLS Version protocol setting to 1.2 – While TLS1.2 is recommended, it is a
  complementary configuration that can be applied regardless of whether HTTPS-Only is enabled. It does not,
  by itself, enforce client-certificate authentication or guarantee that all traffic is HTTPS.

  D – Change the pricing tier of the App Service plan – Pricing tier affects cost and scaling capabilities, but it
  has no impact on transport security or client-certificate authentication, so it does not address any of the
  stated requirements.

  Therefore, the combination of B (HTTPS-Only) and E (Incoming client certificates) directly satisfies both the
  encryption-in-transit and client-authentication mandates with the minimal set of required actions.

  References

  Azure App Service HTTPS Only: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/app-service-enable-https-only
  Configure client certificates for Azure App Service: https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/app-service/auth-
  client-certificates-configure

  These documents provide the official configuration steps for the two selected settings.




Question: 511                                                                                           Exam Heist
HOTSPOT -
You need to create Role1 to meet the platform protection requirements.
How should you complete the role definition of Role1? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer
area.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.
Hot Area:




  Answer:
  Explanation:
  Scenario: A new custom RBAC role named Role1 must be used to delegate the administration of the managed
  disks in RG1. Role1 must be available only for
  RG1.
  Azure RBAC template managed disks "Microsoft.Storage/"


  Reference:
  https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azureedu/2017/02/11/new-managed-disk-storage-option-for-your-azure-
  vms/ https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/azure4fun/2016/10/21/custom-azure-rbac-roles-and-how-to-extend-
  existing-role-definitions-scope/




Question: 512                                                                                 Exam Heist
DRAG DROP -
You need to configure SQLDB1 to meet the data and application requirements.
Which three actions should you recommend be performed in sequence? To answer, move the appropriate actions
from the list of actions to the answer area and arrange them in the correct order.
Select and Place:
Answer:




Explanation:

From the Azure portal, create an Azure AD administrator for LitwareSQLServer1.

Azure SQL Server must have an Azure AD admin configured before Azure AD principals can be created in
databases.

Connect to SQLDB1 by using Microsoft SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS).

Connect using the Azure AD administrator account.

In SQLDB1, create contained database users.

Use statements such as:

CREATE USER [user@contoso.com] FROM EXTERNAL PROVIDER;

Reference:
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/azure-sql/database/authentication-aad-overview
                                   Thank you
             Thank you for being so interested in the premium exam material.
                I'm glad to hear that you found it informative and helpful.


      If you have any feedback or thoughts on the bumps, I would love to hear them.
     Your insights can help me improve our writing and better understand our readers.




                                  Best of Luck
     You have worked hard to get to this point, and you are well-prepared for the exam
      Keep your head up, stay positive, and go show that exam what you're made of!




       Feedback                                                     More Papers




Total: 512 Questions
Link: https://examheist.com/papers/microsoft/az-500
